Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. Hi, I wanna, I had some audio problems. This morning I want to make sure they're good.
Christina Haro: I sent you. I sent you. I sent you a message. Did you get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to see and hear me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, okay. I had some audio problems this morning. It sounds like sounds like I fixed it. That's good. All right. Um, you sent me
Christina Haro: Yeah, I told you, can you give me five minutes I needed the bathroom. Oh, don't worry, you're fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: It worked out because I had some audio issues that worked out just fine. I'm okay. So you're my first client this morning, so I don't have my database open yet. I'm going to do that and
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of check in a little bit with you. I noticed right at the end of the session
Gwenevere Abriel: That there were some sort of big feelings coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we can kind of explore that a little bit further.
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you may have more feelings and you're letting on in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Alright, so tell me a little bit about the dynamics going on at home. Well, I pull up a note here.
Christina Haro: Um, everything's been pretty quiet. I went to church yesterday so
Christina Haro: That was a big step for me that really good
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. And what did it happen to be that one of the sermons was something you liked hearing. I mean, how did it land with you.
Christina Haro: Oh,
Christina Haro: Actually this the sermon yesterday was kind of weird. He spoke about material things. And, you know, but not being greedy and stuff. So it's kind of like
Christina Haro: Different yeah but you know it was it was it was nice. I mean, I saw a lot of the people you know cuz I go to the same church, which is down the street from my house like a block. So all the neighborhood people that haven't seen in a while, you know, and it was nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who did you chit chat with people.
Christina Haro: Yeah, yeah. Because you know when you walk in, you greet each other. Usually people are waiting around before they sit down. So everybody is, you know, greasy to their handshake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any nervousness about going
Christina Haro: Oh yeah, I had butterflies in my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know what's interesting about those butterflies is
Gwenevere Abriel: That stress and excitement. They feel the same.
Christina Haro: Yeah, they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to use our mind and say, wait a minute. There's no threat, there's no danger. I'm excited. And it feels the same. Notice you use the word butterfly, but it was
Gwenevere Abriel: That you were afraid of something you might have said I had a sick gut or a sinking feeling, you know, so, so, so we've got to kind of us use our mind as well. Pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice that you were kind of listening in for opportunities to maybe participate in some groups, some volunteer activities for you, keeping an eye out for that.
Christina Haro: Then, actually, I did. I read the bulletin boards tiptoes anything up there, you know, didn't see anything but there is numbers that you can call for, you know, different stuff women's groups and stuff like that so
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I like it women's groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a change for like
Christina Haro: Anger actually having a woman's retreat. Mm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Christina Haro: So I don't know. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a big commitment hanging out with a bunch of women and are some of these women you know from years ago and they're all kind of like new. You think it. Well, you don't know who's in the retreat. You wouldn't know. Yeah.
Christina Haro: Really don't until you show up. Yeah, exactly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and see how we doing on the I'm looking for a job. How are you, how are your spirits. Are you feeling encouraged or discouraged.
Christina Haro: Um, I encourage you to encourage I did this week's gonna be busy for me. That'd be busy for me because
Christina Haro: Well, me and my daughter were kind of sharing a car. Your car broke so last week was kind of hard. You know, it's kind of limited last week this week is going to be a lot better to go to practice. So now she's on her own, and I could do my own thing and I got to get it going.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and this hotel work with your son is it's set in stone. Are you still trying to get connected
Christina Haro: I'm actually, I'm still waiting. But you know, I asked him yesterday. And then he said, you know, Mom. He says, I wouldn't. He says, I wouldn't get upset, he says, or think they're ignoring you. He says, because there's there's gonna be a lot of openings and I think they're just waiting to have
Christina Haro: To fill the openings altogether. He says, so I think he says that they're going to give you a call soon. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you're feeling optimistic that's
Christina Haro: Good.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How have you been feeling around kind of talking a little bit about self worth, things like that. I noticed right it and right near the end, when we were talking, you had some cheerfulness. Thank you. It actually walked away from the screen but you had been you had stayed on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't logged yourself out. And that can be kind of a tender moment but I happen to see that you were still quite upset I'm. Do you remember what was going on right at the end, I can read some notes to bring us back or maybe you remember
Christina Haro: I know we're talking about my mom right
Christina Haro: That was the whole topic. Yeah, I remember
Christina Haro: Okay.
Christina Haro: Yeah, it's, you know, I'm
Christina Haro: Gonna sign if you want to discuss it further. I'm fine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how to do every phone is different. Do you know how to put it on. Do Not Disturb so we don't get the
Gwenevere Abriel: Vibration TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what I do is I, I go to, I think, well, I have, I have a little button here that I can just do
Gwenevere Abriel: This little sleep thing and then I hold it and it says wait for an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a setting, maybe under Settings to say, hey, do not disturb mode so that you don't get a little blessings
Gwenevere Abriel: So it doesn't disrupt you because it will throw you off if you and I are doing any kind of concentrated work and sometimes it completely knocks out the audio. I noticed for people
Christina Haro: That's pretty common. Yeah.
Christina Haro: I'm looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. I'm reviewing right right at the tail end of the note, just to see what what exactly we were saying
Christina Haro: That I can do, I can give me a second. I'm going to grab my glasses. I just remembered I didn't get my glasses. Give me a second.
Absolutely.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Helping able to
Christina Haro: I tried, but I don't know if that's gonna be okay.
Christina Haro: To mess with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will notice if someone text because it'll vibrate a little bit. Okay, so let's say right near the end what you were sharing was this actually said quite some powerful things I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of dive in right near the end, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was always angry at dad's family. She would tell me I look like his family and would tell me I should go live.
Gwenevere Abriel: Across the street.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that painful almost painful for me to hear. I know my heart ache to hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go live across the street with a paternal uncle. You don't belong here mom passed away five years ago of terminal cancer. I took care of her.
Gwenevere Abriel: The last four years, brought her to live with me, nobody wanted to take care of her. She said, I'm sorry. I know I never treated you right we became best friends. Right, yeah, there it is. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what do we have in common with mom, we both like to cook when she lives here we would cook together in the kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it's about that moment, Christina. Maybe it's about
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting in touch with what those last few years with her really connecting with those years instead of right, all of this pain that history right it's so unpleasant and I can feel that myself. Even as I start to read some of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what's coming up for you. I'm focused on myself.
Christina Haro: You know, my kids tell me the same thing. You know, they told me, don't
Christina Haro: Don't live in the past, you have two great years with Grandma You know those last few years with great know we were all happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's something else behind that there's like a grief. It almost looks like something else can you do you know what the words are
Christina Haro: I don't know. Sometimes I feel angry, I feel angry because she just did a lot of ugly things, you know, and
Christina Haro: She really never
Christina Haro: You know, she never really came out and said, I'm
Christina Haro: I guess you really never came out and really said the things I wanted to just say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do a little work around that today we
Christina Haro: gotta explain
Christina Haro: Why
Christina Haro: There was times, you know, there was times where I'd go over
Christina Haro: And you know, I really had my kids, my two older ones and then my sister is also have kids, you know, but there was times I go over to my mom's and
Christina Haro: She'd never really talked to me. You know, there was times you open the door and even when I was older sister to me like
Christina Haro: I go over and she answered the door and to actually, you know, she loved the kids. She never mistreated, the kids that would always ask the kids. She told me they tell me know you know government
Christina Haro: You know, government like that with us. You know, when she opened the door, she'd actually get the kids and I'm excited. She slammed the door in my face.
Christina Haro: Really wasn't a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby girl. No. Oh, Christina, we've got to do some work with that, okay, because it's still really deep inside. It's still hurting you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, my see my chili being here this is my training this
Christina Haro: q&a
Gwenevere Abriel: To blow up. He's got a broken here. Here I'm going to go, he's he's whining at me, and I don't think he wants to sit with me this morning. So I'm gonna go put them in this little area.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine, but you stay present with that and we're going to do a little bit of end or our work around that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're like No hurry no rush. Don't come right back. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it.
Christina Haro: didn't run and get some tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, very handsome.
Christina Haro: Alright.
Christina Haro: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So today what I'd like to do is I'd like to do a little bit of desensitization to to one of those events where we're going to do what's called
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of this really narrow EMT our work, which means we're not going to go expansive to all of the times that you've been hurt. We're going to go to one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I might do some desensitization where there might be a little increase in the distress, but by the end of today, it should be definitely a decrease. And I want to include some of those positive images.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't work on
Gwenevere Abriel: FUZZY. FUZZY. Let me see on your phone will kind of, do you have an Android what you got.
Gwenevere Abriel: I go into settings and then there should be a little thing that says
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like Do Not Disturb see if under Settings. There's a Do Not Disturb. What do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Cutting sometimes looks like a little
Gwenevere Abriel: A little cog, like a little
Gwenevere Abriel: A little wheel.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, if something happens just log back in. It's no big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this work might be distracting if you get buzzed on
Christina Haro: Okay, hold it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see something like that.
Christina Haro: Yeah, hold on, I think I got
Christina Haro: Some
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Okay.
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you just learned
Christina Haro: Skill. I'm so old school that it's so sad.
Christina Haro: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not feel bad. These kids, I'm telling you there. It's just a completely different.
Christina Haro: Let me tell you, I'ma tell you something really quick.
Christina Haro: Ago. A couple of years ago my granddaughter was probably like but well maybe like three years ago. She was like six
Christina Haro: And I was having problems with my Direct TV. So she's sitting there and I don't know what happened. I just could not get that remote to do anything that like kind of just
Christina Haro: So she knows me, she says, What are you doing Garner, because she can't do it to call me Garner.
Christina Haro: For some reason, that was my nickname, and as a permanent fix this thing and then she says, oh, give me that she says if she gets her. She's six years old she gets to pushing buttons and she fixed it. And then she tells me she says do not know how to do anything. What's wrong with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh how funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: out of the mouths of babes. What do you
Christina Haro: I tell you these kids, they know it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Christina Haro: Like you
Gwenevere Abriel: And we just, you know what, we're so behind don't even judge yourself because we're so behind, they're just they're born with this and we're not so whatever we learn as we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like you to do is I'm going to bring us. First, let's get into sort of a grounding resourcing space so that you can kind of move between that distress you were feeling a moment ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then remembering these positive images. So let's just take this morning for just a little bit and I'll do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a nice exhale just sort of let it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let all your. Yeah. Have a nice deep breath. Okay, just to sort of mark the intention that we're going to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is work. There's no question. This is hard and it's work and what I'm going to be asking you to do today is not only incorporating some positive resourcing images but also
Gwenevere Abriel: Remembering some stuff that's kind of unpleasant, but just so you know by bringing up those memories you are changing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're changing the relationship. You're changing how your body feels when you pull them up to a working memory, which means we're actively thinking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because we can only hold a couple things in our, in our consciousness. At the same time, you're not thinking of your entire childhood right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we can only hold a little bit in working memory. Okay, which means that it's our hippocampus and our prefrontal cortex are working at the same time. That's exciting. But it can only work really well. If we're just kind of focused on a small chunk of information. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, whatever comes up, that's fine. I want to know about it. But as far as what you're going to bring up. It's just we're going to pick one to focus on today because there's a lot of targets that we could focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: So first, Christina. I want you to kind of close your eyes with me and I want you to just get in touch with that quality of your protective figure your dad always really strong a hard working, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really be just the quality of it just that.
Gwenevere Abriel: He really knew this concept of protection and really embracing and being surrounded by that quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then bring into that space and have them interacting. The Guardian Angel unconditionally loving being white ghostly figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Years ago when married the first husband, you're hurt. Can you remember you remember this, this figure right this guardian angel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconditional love
Gwenevere Abriel: beside you at all times.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have incorporated this
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of protection and unconditional love that wants your growth and development.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring your self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Insightful
Gwenevere Abriel: Independent
Gwenevere Abriel: Smart
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see them all interacting to see their faces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. And notice how that feels in your body just pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To where that land that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a part that's tense. Is there a part that just relaxed as that imagery became solidified
Christina Haro: I just feel relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I made the assumption that you had those two containers there in front of you so that we could do the bilateral stimulation. Did you happen to get those by that you do look, you're so good, you got them. Okay. And they're about shoulder width apart.
Christina Haro: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we'll do is we're going to do a really slow iteration, which means we'll do some bilateral stimulation and I want it just to install that positive imagery, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to direct the pace, you just hold, just as you were holding those images in your mind. Okay, then at the end, I'll ask you to inhale exhale let your mind go blank and see what comes up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective nurturing and wise got it in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, nice and slow. Let's look at the top of those containers, very slowly, left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have a deep belly breath. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale out the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank.
And see what comes up in your mind after you go not forcing anything to see what you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: No censoring actually want to know anything that happens.
Christina Haro: It just feels like the room got really quiet.
Christina Haro: Is really really quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, but what's the emotion that you're feeling Christina because I sent something else going on. What's the label that emotion.
Christina Haro: Happy
Christina Haro: They're happy because I felt like the whole time I was doing this. It was like I was concentrating on my dad.
Christina Haro: Felt
Christina Haro: Yeah, good good emotion that
Happy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to know, anytime you want. You don't have to wait for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To bring his presence into an image. Notice how when you concentrate on something. It calms the body and it also gives you a positive emotion that's how powerful our working memory is. It's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good creative mine too. So I do want to do some desensitization which can be activating we won't get really high on the distress level.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll be checking in on that here and there. Okay, so I want you to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: That sad. I saw earlier, an anchor, will you look sad and you named it anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without treatment, why don't you pick one. I can take your time. I want you to what's usually the most hopeful, believe it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't have to tell me the story. So that's a nice thing if you don't want to tell the story, what you can, because that's you've labeled maybe maybe telling someone might be part of your healing process but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to think of the most intense right
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on wanted that one right in there and less than something else. I think that might be a core target and try and picture the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Image of that event. Usually it's the most intense one in our life going back. We were nine or we were eight or we were seven or we were 15 where it was a very intense realization of that belief. I'm not wanted. See if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of identify one
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know when you have it in your mind. Take your time. Okay, there's no rush.
Christina Haro: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will. How will ruin this image.
Christina Haro: Oh, I think I was like, bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how kind of zero to 100 how distressed. Are you right now.
This is like 70
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Christina Haro: I don't believe like
Christina Haro: At okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm gonna go up here to at. And so I do want us to come down a little bit. That's a little intense. So before we do some of the work I wanna let's do a little bit of
Gwenevere Abriel: Re grounding with some positive imagery. Remember that happy feeling. We're going to do that again. Okay, so now I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull a net positive imagery, just for a moment just to remember you can come back down. So let's do this together really picturing dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is being
Gwenevere Abriel: All that big white guardian angel that sense of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that he is there by your side at all times.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's not anger. That's sad. Christina, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't it feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking
Christina Haro: Just think about right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're being sad because, why do you think
Christina Haro: Because I was so
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right now, what you get to do is really be present with those qualities and it might be a good idea to also acknowledge them in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really acknowledge that you have those same qualities inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't you pull up this self image you and your ad. Can you put them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and I'm going to do an iteration. Now I want you to pull those in your awareness qualities of guardian angel protective nature always they're always together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, together with those images. Breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You share those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Provide those qualities
They're yours forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself unconditionally loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, felt unexpressed
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on the image of yourself, the quality unconditional love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safety
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together right into the belly. Nice big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your stress level at this time.
Christina Haro: About a 40 that's a little more
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're going to do a little bit of work around that image, you had earlier. Do you remember what it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And it gotcha up to an ad pretty quickly. So notice how you do have some influence right
Gwenevere Abriel: You have this magic inside of you that you can turn your attention to a beautiful Quality Protection nurturing and safety and you can bring your distress level down you can pay attention to breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, if you want to stop. You can do this. You can always just say stop. I absolutely if it's too much or you want more, you can always go more I like what what's coming out of my young
Gwenevere Abriel: My memory, right, because some things can emerge and that's what this does is it may make it fragments may come up
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is going to be desensitisation so the I'm moving. It's going to be faster and there may be a period where it gets high but we're going to persevere and then it should get lower. Okay.
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at beliefs. So this image that you have the worst picture of that image that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your belief about yourself at that time.
Christina Haro: Was at that age. I felt like I didn't belong there. I felt like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't belong. Yep. I don't belong. And that was a very early age. Typically people can remember h5 sometimes age for this is like earliest memory and this I don't belong has started.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so early in your life. I got you. And you can hold that image. And let's do the positive cognition at age five, right, what would have been nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well with a positive thought, what would have been nice to have have a belief about yourself, what with a positive one. I wish you had this one I am what
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it wasn't there, but we're going to get there. Christina. Just trust the process. Okay, I know it's painful even think about it because you think about what's not right. I know it's hard, honey. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what this is going to do. Okay. Because we're going to get they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got the rest of your life to feel good and loved and beautiful. And we can do this. I have faith in this process. I truly, truly do
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I it's not happening right now, I care for you. Okay, there's love here, Christina. So it's, I'm not going to hurt you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to protect you. I'm going to bring everything that I have to this treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to know deeply and truly that you are unconditionally loved. I want you to know it in your core. She's going to take some time. You had a lot of years of a different message coming out you let's do the work.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now I don't have waterproof mascara on. You can't be making me cry. This Martin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nice. Just let that little giggle in
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have to say it quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have liked to have thought at age five. I am
Christina Haro: Loved, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. Yeah, I kind of figured that was it. Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the past and remember because of all this trauma, it's probably not in the past, it keeps getting re experienced in the present. And so it's info. So let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize that this is going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do is going to, it's going to reset so that that said in the past. It's not relive that pain in the present moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the I Am love for a moment. I want you to think from a scale of one to seven seven being absolutely true. I am loved this is present time. How true is it right now. I am loved
Christina Haro: So good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good. And one to 10 I don't belong. How true 10. It's what that is totally true. I don't belong. How true is that right now.
Christina Haro: About an eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is the desensitization part. Okay. What this is going to do is, there's going to be a distraction with the light. Well, there's no light, but you're going to be looking at
Gwenevere Abriel: The top. So these two containers. Give your mind a chance okay to desensitized to it here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might bring up some intense emotions get all the way through it if you want to. You have an option you can talk while you're doing it. If something big comes up, you can otherwise you can share up after the
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilateral stimulation comes to a close. Okay, so you're going to do two things number I was telling you about working memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's reset that image back in the past. So what I want you to do is pull up that WORST piece at age five that worst image that she had and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't belong. Okay. And so it's going to be a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in together into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all okay. Just tell me what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me the thought and we're going to go with that let let let this technique work for you.
Honey, you gotta say this out loud so I can help you.
Christina Haro: It just felt lost
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay, honey. Go with that go without WORST piece you're going to get through this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're here with me, and I, I know where we're going. I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were not lost. I know where we're going. Hold that WORST piece that we're seeing with I felt lost hold on to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say scoot back just like three or four inches. Give your eyes a little break, Navy, so it feels comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst Picture. I felt lost feel those feelings Christina get through this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have a nice inhale into the belly belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank Christina and see what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be in that quiet space. Give yourself permission to whatever comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: tearful are their thoughts going through your head.
Christina Haro: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you share some honey.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to censor it it'll help you best.
Christina Haro: Guess I can say I was angry. I was just
Christina Haro: Scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, hold on to that you're going to go with that. Christina. I was scared. I know WORST piece. I was scared. We're gonna get through this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. First, look at me, I'm right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm right here. I know where we're going. And I'm confident. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst piece. And I was scared. You got this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, okay to cry or whatever comes up.
Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together into the valley.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mind go blank.
And see what comes up.
Christina Haro: I guess at that he does more confused. Okay.
Christina Haro: I heard, I can tell was a agree with the fact that he really didn't know what agreement. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to go with that. I'm confused, I'm confused worse pace. Get that worst image. This is the desensitization part of doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready scope back just a little bit. I don't want to strain your eyes. I can
Gwenevere Abriel: See might be moving a little, a little too far. I don't want to hurt you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. Okay. Worst piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up and I'm confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing. Don't forget to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale together in big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all. Oh, let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me the next thing that comes up. Try not to censor
Gwenevere Abriel: Share what's in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tell me what you're picturing honey. You're seeing something
What are you seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: It will be in the past, we can put in the past but name it to tame it, we can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to go through this alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got some real tight tightness going on in there. Don't you type body. Yeah. In the breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a nice inhale into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Make a nice audible sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Words stuck inside there.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no wrong way to think it to say it is your truth.
To prison.
Christina Haro: My mom was really abusive. OK, so
Christina Haro: My first memory of her
Christina Haro: Really hitting me
It.
Christina Haro: Looks like by
Christina Haro: This you just really
Christina Haro: hit me so hard to
Christina Haro: Define those. It was be
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just stay with that these are big pieces. Trust me. We can't go too far. Stay right there. Honey, it's not right now. You can put it in the past busted my lip. You saw that blood you tasted it, whatever it was for you. Okay, go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here, right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This process work for you. You're okay hold it in your awareness. It's okay to cry, whatever comes up for you can have kind of quick iterations, make sure you don't get too close or hurt your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Christina Haro: That's it.
Keep reading.
Gwenevere Abriel: big belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next thing that comes to your mind. What is that
Christina Haro: Just remember hiding under the bed.
Christina Haro: That was bleeding.
Christina Haro: So they didn't come out and all day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna go with that go with cat. Okay, nice quick movements, not too close. Don't let your eyes get hurt. Okay. If you need to switch back
Christina Haro: Please protect those little
Gwenevere Abriel: Eyes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it bed all day.
Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure what inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just nervous. Notice the next thing that comes up on sensor it and share with me.
Christina Haro: I just remember
Christina Haro: Waiting for my dad to get home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together in big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Expand that bottom of the long that belly punch out and then
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Christina Haro: It really does.
Christina Haro: Further than that, after that memory that's that's toward me just, I just remember hiding under the bed, waiting for my debt to go other than that.
Christina Haro: That's it, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the name of the emotion, you're feeling
Christina Haro: At that point,
Christina Haro: Lord now now.
Christina Haro: I tell you,
Gwenevere Abriel: look sad and maybe sad and something else.
Christina Haro: And
Christina Haro: Sad and happy at the same time, sad, because I don't like to remember it, but happy because
Christina Haro: Because I remember my dad. You know, I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that. I remember my dad ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's add in
Gwenevere Abriel: I am loved
I am loved
Gwenevere Abriel: To slow it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together. Inhale, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow, slow as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: More time. Inhale to the bottom of the lung expand the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. And then Pucci mouth and slowly let the air out.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time, belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep your eyes closed, and I'd like you to take that negative feeling of sadness and scared. Let's put it in that container. Let's get some distance from it or if you prefer.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can put it on a rocket ship or a leaf or whatever works for you to put some distance or keep it kind of compartmentalize you could put it in a lunch box with the cartoon Snoopy metal or you can put it on the train moving down the tracks to see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen to it, clack, clack, clack, clack like hear the sounds and having that car. Maybe picturing what color is getting further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body. You're here now you're listening to me and that imagery of that negative experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is moving away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cars outside and people moving around.
Christina Haro: That's fine.
Christina Haro: But that
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not nearby.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's further and further away. Do you see it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you still see it or is it getting tiny
Christina Haro: It's getting time it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Really hard work today. I know this was not an easy thing for you to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was in the past, and this is the kind of work that will get it lodged in the past so that you don't have to keep reliving it or hide from it. Does that make sense so it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know where
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be a piece of where the big anger was coming.
From
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the healing piece you're doing some great work. I want to know what else you're going to do today is just, just like your dad would want you to do today. What can you do that. It's just, just just too cool just too sweet for you. What could you do
Christina Haro: Well, I have to check my car, my dad always showed me how to check my own cars. So either good
Christina Haro: Stuff so
Gwenevere Abriel: That is so great picture. His presence right in teaching you how to please be present with him as you do check your car. I would do it right away.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm very proud of you, if something else comes up, if this feels overwhelming or anything like that, we can meet again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is, this is what may it may get worse before it gets better. That's we just kind of got in that neural network, it might pop in on a dream that would be typical. This means the treatments working so
Christina Haro: Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Write me off. Okay, hang in there for it to get to
Christina Haro: The end.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will get to the other side. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but you can text me, call me don't don't isolate yourself. I notice you don't ever reach out to me. But you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I'll try and find time to meet with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you ready to face your day. What are you going to go do
Christina Haro: I'm going to go check my car.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Talk to you later.
Christina Haro: Okay. Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Alicia Noedel: Good morning. How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Quiet this morning it was
Wanted to be really careful right near the end. So I apologize for being late.
Alicia Noedel: Sorry, just get your
Alicia Noedel: Event for morning so
Gwenevere Abriel: You've had a wonderful morning or not so
Alicia Noedel: An event for one
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my
Alicia Noedel: I would just want to check on
Gwenevere Abriel: Elisa right
Alicia Noedel: Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to just say, I say it correctly because
I'm working on that.
Alicia Noedel: Again, I don't mind. Either way,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no, no, no, it's really important that that people hear their name, the way
They
Gwenevere Abriel: So, at least. Yeah, there's so many different directions. We can go at any given time, take, take some quiet introspection for just a moment, it just as I'm going to pull up a note, you can just sort of turn inward and I want you to register.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want to come away with today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I invite you to consider. Is it a feeling. Is it new thought, is it change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something more
Alicia Noedel: For something less than
Or maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You experience inside and seeing you today.
What you want
Gwenevere Abriel: To see if we can make that happen. You know what you want.
Alicia Noedel: Oh,
Alicia Noedel: I, I suppose. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me maybe I can help.
Um,
Alicia Noedel: I think maybe just a better under because already you helped me
Alicia Noedel: Understand certain reasons why I do things and open my mind like I had kind of like a not a, not a break. But like I had kind of like a
Alicia Noedel: An eye opening experience the other day when I was thinking about you talking about how my life and things that I do. Okay, or, you know, can be directly routed back to my childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you have so many amazing experiences ahead of you, if that tiny little featherweight peace affected you boy you are really going to benefit from therapy.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Well, I mean, just like it made me think, you know, how many things all these years. I thought you know that I was okay.
Alicia Noedel: And that I didn't need any kind of help. I didn't need anything. I was fine. I coped fine with everything that ever happened to me. And I realized, you know that I wasn't and I, and I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: You know why.
Alicia Noedel: It kind of, you know, made me really emotional but
Gwenevere Abriel: So another way. So I want, I don't want to miss the first part.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want out of today.
Alicia Noedel: Have more understanding into myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it more understanding my understanding of how a childhood can shape our beliefs, our feelings. Our expectations or relationships or confidence or self esteem, those kind of things.
Alicia Noedel: The way I see the world. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, how I oh
Gwenevere Abriel: My are my favorite places to work.
Happy to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, very complex and it is not the same for everyone, but I got lots of cool little theories. I can share with you, but they're still many of them are based in psychological theory and also
Gwenevere Abriel: Psycho biology, there's also lots of new evidence now that we can measure things a little better. We can look in the brain, whereas the blood flowing and things like that. We're actually learning quite a bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's exciting. You're, you're learning about psychology right in a time when we actually have real measures and tests that we can sort of prove all that theory that you know that Freud was was talking about and things like that. So it's kind of neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm happy to do that with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: One one caution is this. I'm happy to do that. I just want to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: It is one thing to understand it. So for example, I believe, as I have met some of them that there are plenty of psychologists and psychotherapists out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That have a real understanding of why they behave the way they do. Why they interact with people in the world and they are still on happy.
Alicia Noedel: It is another thing. It's less like about
Alicia Noedel: I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me say the other
Gwenevere Abriel: The other part.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least. Yeah, this is understanding and this one we were frozen. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I froze.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so the second one. So this is understanding and if it was understanding in and of itself a self help book would work or right. It's not quite the same as experiencing healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand it's one thing to read about it and intellectually. Oh, I know. And you did have an aha experience you started to connect some dots and really feel maybe validated like that explains why like you had this
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like a full circle experience of understanding and the brain gives you a tiny little rush of Adobe when you get to the end of a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you have understanding whole your brain loves it. It's like, oh, we know what's going on, and it wants to reinforce that it loves that. But there's another thing that happens in therapy which is experiential
Gwenevere Abriel: And that can happen through a different kind of exercise. It's not me regurgitating things I've learned academically.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's actually experiencing something with me. Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, different and you can have both, but today you want to kind of have some more understanding right
Alicia Noedel: I mean,
Alicia Noedel: I don't. I've never done this before, you know that so i i don't know what direction is the right direction, you know, who does. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well I typically do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm yeah
You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also like to pace what people want. So I'd like you to come away today, right, with a little bit more understanding of the connection between what happened and maybe how your relationship with the world.
Alicia Noedel: How was I, I noticed, like when you were telling me when I was telling you about how my dad used to, you know, basically treat me like psychiatry, when I was very young and tell me all of his problems. And I realized, you know, when I was having that like you know epiphany basically
Alicia Noedel: That I am doing that to everybody around me. Yeah. Now like I and you know my partner, my boyfriend.
Alicia Noedel: You know I'm constantly, you know, getting upset with him for not understanding and being able to help me with like problems that I'm having psychologically when in all reality that's not why he's here.
Alicia Noedel: And so I you know I I felt really really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no, no, no, no. This is the piece. And you mentioned this earlier and I meant to say. It's hard to say two things at the same time. Yes, there was probably that I use probably that word of parental education.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably last time, very common with the folks I'm working with, but I want you to add this additional thought, if you can, which is I did the best I could.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning with the information that you had available to you. I did the best I could. And you're doing it now to you didn't have this information and the new stuff that you're going to learn in here. You didn't have that either if along the way you are going to be whipping yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: This may not get learned as quickly. But if instead you say I'm learning new things I'm doing things I learned
Gwenevere Abriel: What I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know back then I did the best I could with what I knew back then. Okay, it's, it's not about shaming yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice how you were like, Oh, I feel bad that I I'm asking. No, no, no, that that's that's you longing to be healed. You're wanting someone to meet an unmet need from childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: A big piece of it, like I was saying will happen here. But you'll learn some different ways to get it from your partner. Okay. You'll learn some ways to get that done.
Gwenevere Abriel: But first, it's kind of along the way. I really invite you to not hurt yourself with shame. Like, I shouldn't have done this, we can usually find them if we have one of those shifts in there. I better, I must if we have any rigid thoughts like, I'm not supposed to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah if you if you have one of those.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can be a shame activating and that's not the goal. The goal is to have a tender sort of compassionate witnessing of it just just just saying okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how I now want my my sweetheart. To understand me to try and heal me. Look, what I'm doing. How interesting. I will talk to my therapist about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not the layer on top which is on a turkey for doing that now or what do you do you swear words are not in your head. I don't know what
Gwenevere Abriel: That layer, I strongly invite you to do what's called thought stopping as soon as it comes up. If you have a negative appraisal of yourself a negative name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm selfish and greedy I'm undeserving I don't know what's your, what's your, your sound like just you take it you say thank you for sharing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for getting me as far as she did, but I'm working with a therapist right now around this and she told me not to be mean to me.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I think I'm, I'm probably my worst critic I'm harder on myself than anyone ever could be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I know. And I can explain psychologically why you did that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get back to making the most out of today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you let me go in your note here. I want to make sure we're doing all these sort of preparation pieces for some of the experiential work, we're going to do. Let me just see what we've done so far. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we have none of them. Okay, can we do this, can we develop a
Gwenevere Abriel: This is on the right side of the brain. So you kind of get like did you get the brain can be divided in a lot of different ways. Actually, but one of the bigger ways is to say, the left side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right side of the brain. You know, they kind of operate a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now I'm going to be asking you to go to the right side which is it's actually where all of the emotions are. It's where creative mind is it's were
Alicia Noedel: Imagining
Things going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: So I like you right now to go to that side. And I want you to tell me real or
Alicia Noedel: An
Gwenevere Abriel: image that comes up for you that pro text is figure or quality real or imagined. So first thing that kind of comes up and and believe me there's no wrong way to do this. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be anything.
Alicia Noedel: In myself or like in
Alicia Noedel: Any real world.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what's interesting, so notice the invitation is what comes up for you. When I say real or imagined quality of protection, a figure and I might end up moshing putting multiple other could be animal could be from a movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be from your real life because the
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality of
Gwenevere Abriel: The protective quality.
Alicia Noedel: My dad. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, is there any what's called ambivalence around that sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: People have a mixture of things with real people. When you think of because I'm going to need to resource. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly down the line when you, you may be in distress, and I'm going to want to really tether to this quality and psychologically. I'm not going to want you to be having to question whether it's true. I want it to be true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the quality of dad that protect
Alicia Noedel: Me anytime we have sorry she's
Alicia Noedel: mad because she has to be with her daddy.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: When I was a kid.
Alicia Noedel: My dad, he wouldn't he wasn't like constantly abusive, but like there were times he had really bad anger issues that he would, you know, that's when he would get me.
Alicia Noedel: But most of the time she was like my Savior and I you know everything about him felt so protective and, you know, he never wanted anything to happen to me.
Alicia Noedel: And so, you know, when my mom would go and her like rages, and she would, you know, start trying to, you know, do whatever you know mean or, you know, violent whatever my dad would step in
Alicia Noedel: Or there's been times where I've got any school and he wouldn't tell her, and he would, you know, keep it a secret because he didn't want me so like get in trouble with her, he, you know, I felt like a protection shield, you know,
Alicia Noedel: But if dad was there, everything was OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, there is a piece of it and I can see I'm really glad that he was there at times, but there's also an abuse of history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stretch a little further out from there, you recognize it. You saw pieces of it inequality with dad, but let's go into
Other
Alicia Noedel: Maybe other people you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, and you may have only known him for a little while and there wasn't a flip side of a coin. There wasn't there also violent. Just say, Okay, this, this, there's no rush.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be so I'll give you some examples. The whole
Gwenevere Abriel: One person had Tony Stark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people have a spiritual sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of God that kind of kind of picture. Okay, that's perfect. There's no i bill, it's about that they might picture. Some people go to a nature space they go to a mountain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really different for everyone that's why or an animal. They might say a lion.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how giving yourself permission to depart from real people really expands the imagination. Give yourself permission to do
Gwenevere Abriel: It's perfect in its protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, listen, there's no wrong answer to this.
Alicia Noedel: One. The first thing I thought about was, could we do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay, so we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can you picture him protecting who and what was the protecting kind of give me that snapshot. So I can bring us back to me to Scooby Doo.
Alicia Noedel: His friends.
Alicia Noedel: Monsters.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. His friends for monsters, beautiful, I love it. Any ambivalence about that. Did he ever do anything need Scooby Doo ever do anything mean
Alicia Noedel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Fantastic. Okay, so now, nicely done. And this may change over time. But for now, we've got something that that is very linear in its in its protective quality. I'm not going to use the one with with your, your parents. Okay, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think there might be some challenges down the line for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, doesn't mean that we can't. There's a way we can get pieces of what your dad was doing. We can we can get that integrated, but we'll do that a little bit later. First let's we've got two more to do, just on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking about a nurturing figure. Now, now, nurturing, real or imagined nurturing is someone something that wants for you, your growth your full potential doesn't want anything in return this again no mixture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only want you to develop into the person
Gwenevere Abriel: That you want to be wanting your growth your development that is a nurturing quality, sometimes there's affection associated but I don't typically mentioned that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's more about wanting you to develop into the woman that you want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes out real or imagined.
Alicia Noedel: Something I've never thought about before.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I know. And this can feel wildly confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know. It can also include, you know, this is an interesting point because for some people, they've they've come to find I it's me.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, because I've never felt like anything like that run anybody okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, alright. So, I will say, Elise yet some people's landscape of
Gwenevere Abriel: Scarcity neglect and abuse is so profound that the relationship here and I don't want to create long term dependence on me. But for a moment when we don't have someone else to work through this stuff. It can be me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what happens it's gets integrated into you. You don't need me anymore because I'm definitely in the business of putting myself out of business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you end up having everything that happens here. You have an inside the cells and then you go about your life and you think, hey, I came up with this. I don't even remember going in here that's fine with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for a while, you may start to recognize if you want to. You wouldn't be the first one that
Alicia Noedel: You might see something here with
Gwenevere Abriel: Us. Or maybe you might see something in your doctor, you might see something in a friend, you might see something on in a movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to know what I'm going to do with these pieces. The important part right here, at least, is that it's hard for you to see that there's been someone that just pure and simply wants for you to be everything you want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and that's kind of hard to think about
Alicia Noedel: I just feel like, like I've never had anyone who's ever had that kind of
Alicia Noedel: Interested in me like only my interest that hasn't been selfish.
Alicia Noedel: Like selfish intentions are like, you know, whatever it may be.
Gwenevere Abriel: They want something in return.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got one hand out and the other ones doing this.
Alicia Noedel: Right, like I'm
Alicia Noedel: Like ulterior motives. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So play with this for a second. So that's why I want to introduce this concept of therapeutic relationship. Just, just as a point of departure. If you don't stay here and you're like, No, it doesn't work for me. We can go somewhere else. But just try it on, watch, watch. With this is
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that you don't know. Do I Have Children do I not have children. Do you know if I have a trauma history. Do you know if I'm an alcoholic. Do you know if my house is in foreclosure. You don't know anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Alicia Noedel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and it's for a reason. There are a lot of people that will sort of share their stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't and that's because I want my clients to know, truly. This is about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, the thing I get is, I get compensation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a professional
Gwenevere Abriel: What isn't paid for is the fact that I care that happens as soon as I meet a client, I just do I care.
Alicia Noedel: probably hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you came over to my side there for a second, stay with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've worked that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to take care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, that's why not hearing about all my stories etc etc keeps it so that you have a safe space to take from me to be a taker.
Alicia Noedel: Reporting concept for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how for a second. You went over to. Oh, that must be hard for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All work that out. You're in the habit of worrying about other worrying about, you know, someone else's feelings. You don't have to do that here.
Alicia Noedel: A lot. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I know I can. Yeah, I think about nobody else well for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, play with that. And just imagine that there might be safety in a professional
Alicia Noedel: Relationship where
Gwenevere Abriel: It's literally unethical. See, it would be unethical for me.
Alicia Noedel: To take from you. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Make everybody cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: One skill set.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what's so unique about this, it means you don't take care of me. It means you don't protect me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Worry and be concerned about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can show up angry. You can show up disappointed at me. You can, you can, you're going to be working through a lot of the stuff that's happened to you in in your life if you
Gwenevere Abriel: If you trust enough in here, it'll show up in here. There might be times you're even irritated and angry with me you won't be about one of your
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be about maybe old, old, old, old disappointments and resentments. And my job is to not take it personally, which I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that is a space where I want for you, your development and growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't need you to teach me how to grow and develop. I don't need you to take care of me. This is a space where you're a taker.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now. Do you recognize it in yourself. Have you seen glimpses in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the potential to really blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I really want to develop in a way, blah, blah, blah, blah. Do you have a sense even if you saw it for a little bit like Oh, I'm really good at it. I want to do that. This is exciting. She catch any of those throughout your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Where was it. What's a little story.
Alicia Noedel: I think I was in seventh grade. And my teacher invited a poet, writer to come in and I'm
Alicia Noedel: The first time I discovered, like how to use your, you know, brain to write poetry was so you know intense for me because it finally had some kind of outlet
Alicia Noedel: To, you know, express how I was feeling and that's been my coping mechanism for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. So I'm wondering if what you found was
Gwenevere Abriel: A way to channel the intensity of your pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: You found a place for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's neat you transform something maybe dark and you made it beautiful.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good for me to know too because maybe there'll be some journaling or some poetry writing or story writing or something that could be a part of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your relapse prevention plan.
That's good for me to know
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in seventh grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you about that teacher or that poet, the canyon. Did it seem like
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone ever saw that
Gwenevere Abriel: Strengthen you saw those poems and thought, wow, you've got you've got you've got something inside to give
Alicia Noedel: Anytime I ever showed anybody, something like that. It just felt like, um,
Alicia Noedel: I thought we were good. And so I was really excited. Um,
Alicia Noedel: But it felt like they you know you care. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we don't have a lot of people on the outside, but what about in seventh grade, there wasn't even that one that notion of the quality that was it a visitor that came into the cloud.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Mm hmm. He said that I was unnatural because he told us, you know, a good way to do it is, don't think about what you're writing
Alicia Noedel: Just put your pen to the paper, pencil to paper and just let your brain go
Alicia Noedel: Just do it.
Alicia Noedel: Snatcher handle. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You that poet.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that visitor. Did he was it he or she
Alicia Noedel: It was a he.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did he say, Now tell me how great my palms are
Alicia Noedel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did he take anything from you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do recognize it. You see it. There it is. That's what it feels like. And we'll take it, even if it was that glimpse in seventh grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: My hope is you'll see it here. My hope is time after time after time, you will recognize yourself around people that nurture that okay that really pull that out in you that want your growth potential. And you start to gravitate towards those people over time, but for
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll take that little flash
Alicia Noedel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: All this nurturing figure. What should we call them. We use this one for a while.
Alicia Noedel: I don't even remember his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can make up whatever you want. There's no rules in this
Alicia Noedel: John
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was gonna go poet guy, but we'll go with john
Gwenevere Abriel: We say john oh it
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You change it when you want to. Okay, if it gets annoying or you think it's something else. I don't get angry. I don't get irritated at least. Yes. So you can say, you know, I want to change this, you just tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know you'll be inhibited doing that, but I'm going to keep inviting those things so strong, the poet for now and then, because I have a really strong personality and I just keep rolling and moving along, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but it'll be an opportunity for you to push back at me a little bit. Alright, so this the experience you had was
Gwenevere Abriel: An invitation around
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't overthink it just it's a natural flow from your brain and you just put it from the the uncensored maybe up here, put it to paper from from thought to papers out about it.
Yeah. Okay, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got another one for you. As if that one wasn't hard enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So the third figure. There's only three. So you're, you're almost done. The third one is
Gwenevere Abriel: A wise figure. So think about real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: A character can be even some people go spiritual on this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you know without mixed feelings about it. It's just unambiguously
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have this quality about them. Maybe it's scored knowledge. Maybe it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Life Skills or something like that, but they
Alicia Noedel: All merge intelligence, maybe, but they
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this wise quality who who comes to mind or what comes to mind.
Alicia Noedel: Hard
Gwenevere Abriel: Really hard. I ask hard questions tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, picture, picture a movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a TV show or a book or someone seemed wise they just seemed Oh, knowing you know they didn't doubt themselves. And it was just like
Alicia Noedel: Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no buzzer that's going to go off.
Alicia Noedel: There's don't want to waste time is my brain working
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel like you're wasting your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, then take take as long as you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are worth it. These are things that will be weaving in throughout our work together. They're important so
Gwenevere Abriel: It means something that you just tenderly and gently at its own pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: just wander through because now you know you don't have to get something done by a deadline. You just wander through maybe picture some movies. Some, some religions or images.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe someone else's wise hero.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can help brainstorm with some people say Gandalf
Gwenevere Abriel: The Buddha, they say, Jesus Christ. They have said gray haired old lady. Those are just a few right
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll
Alicia Noedel: I guess. Yeah. Jesus. Jesus
Gwenevere Abriel: Will see if there's ambivalence, because notice how you said, I guess I pay close attention to people's language and the words they choose it represents what's going on inside their, their minds. It's all I've got. Are these these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how it's not Jesus just for a second indulge me. How is it not Jesus if
Alicia Noedel: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: It is there's no ambivalence. It's Jesus. He's wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have that and just so I understand what's the Jesus you know him, describe
Alicia Noedel: Like physical attributes.
Gwenevere Abriel: However, you think about. I'm just now. And you thought Jesus as a wise figure. How did it come up. What were some imagery
Alicia Noedel: Like Passion of the Christ Jesus. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that bit self sacrificing
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And since it's about wisdom. What was he sacrificing for
Alicia Noedel: Everyone else
Gwenevere Abriel: I once got me a little concerned not that Jesus is a problem, but only because it's your I think I've got to correctly. It's a bit of a default for you to do this already, which is to sacrifice yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to it. I wrote it all down, it's it's really beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so not he's not a protector, but definitely wise. So, but let's hold on to that a little longer because I might be wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: If generosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the ultimate wisdom right if compassion and gratitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the ultimate wisdom that there's there's real wisdom in giving
Gwenevere Abriel: I could see that.
Alicia Noedel: About another one.
Alicia Noedel: Felt like was more
Alicia Noedel: Tedious Tupac Shakur
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that, but I should know as music
Alicia Noedel: PAC as ha
Alicia Noedel: OK, you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice, um, let's do sort of this screen was to pop
Gwenevere Abriel: And Jesus what it. What's the, what are some things that are not the same. If you split the screen. One is to proxy core and the other one is Jesus. How are they different like in their
Gwenevere Abriel: Treatment of the self.
Alicia Noedel: I feel like I just, to me, I relate more to it's harder for me to relate to Jesus.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, because, I mean, you know, not perfect. Nobody's perfect. He wasn't perfect but
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: In my mind, and you'll have to tell me what's true for you. When I think of Jesus.
Gwenevere Abriel: He didn't buy material things for himself.
Alicia Noedel: Right wasn't selfish.
Alicia Noedel: Right. Was it
Alicia Noedel: Wasn't like I don't know how to say
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not materialistic
Alicia Noedel: Right, yeah. Yeah, but there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Secret seek
Gwenevere Abriel: An audience for print like for his ego, whereas maybe to pop. He did videos to maybe earn money right he took what he was doing, not in and of itself to help others but
Gwenevere Abriel: One was sort of a profit and one made a profit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think are we are we at the core of the difference or now.
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there might be more in there. And so maybe you can spend some time thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Yeah, because all right. But for now, I've got to park and
Alicia Noedel: Me some nose wiper please. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to lose this
Gwenevere Abriel: Piece with Jesus, though, because it
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be useful down the line, too, but having
Alicia Noedel: I mean, they both do things for me in different ways, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is to
Gwenevere Abriel: Those okay well what is to pot. I know you relate to him more. What does he do for you. What do you think
Alicia Noedel: I know this. This is funny but um
Alicia Noedel: I see. He was very wise to and
Alicia Noedel: Never said self doubt.
Alicia Noedel: Or um
Alicia Noedel: Was so sure about everything you're saying and assertive.
Alicia Noedel: I think it's just all the things that I wish I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And what's interesting is, he's a he's a poet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he really so now he's
Alicia Noedel: Got yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like this nice combination you've put
Gwenevere Abriel: That poet, right, the one that came to the classroom that flash
Gwenevere Abriel: Around nurturing and now we've also got this piece of this
Gwenevere Abriel: songwriter.
Alicia Noedel: Yo, I wrote for that like class I
Alicia Noedel: I went into a creative writing class after that and
Alicia Noedel: Really final piece of that class was about Tupac Shakur
Alicia Noedel: And just because he's always been such a
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Alicia Noedel: Figure a figure of like idealization to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: An idol.
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Sorry me scared my baby in her sleep, my boy, you're bringing
Alicia Noedel: She's so cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: may look a little puzzle.
Alicia Noedel: Mercy and then look at her little feet or shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: No you didn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right hand like this one's still like flexed.
Alicia Noedel: She goes like this all the time. Or she goes with a little pinky and she does their pinky out she's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Precious so
Gwenevere Abriel: Short version. I'm going to take what you said here will refine it over time, but I want to
Alicia Noedel: Get a better understanding of of it, it'll be easier to do that to refine it
Gwenevere Abriel: But believe it or not, the fact that you did this work today, it'll get in there. You'll, you'll kind of go, huh. All right. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I stay reflecting on things a lot after we talked to
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll give you a short version of what we may end up doing with this first of all the years, you can do whatever you want them. But those are your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's going to be times when you're going to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotions
Gwenevere Abriel: Or memories will come up and you're not interested in
Gwenevere Abriel: Processing them in the moment you know how you've had some times and you do some self reflection. Maybe it'll be inconvenient for you and you don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: You might want to feel better. You might want to feel more confident
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe before you were sending you were running a network and neural network right was basically a chunk of thoughts that sort of sit together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are reinforcing those negative ones. Yeah, I'm a real Turkey I'm going nowhere. Whatever the negative you're feeding and feeding giving it more and more evidence. And you remember that we develop this resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead, because remember, we can only be thinking about a small chunk of information at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't think about all of our childhood memories all at once we pull up a memory. We're only thinking about one piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you could do is you could say, Okay. Yeah, that's what I was doing before. I'm going to deliberately be thinking about these images, all in the same room together with me all of us went around, interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do I feel when I'm around them. How does my body feel, what are my emotions. What questions might I ask them what might they asked me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having to pop right picture his confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe john the poet comes in, or maybe that starts to change and you'll informed me, the next time we meet, or maybe you'll do some writing about that and how would to pocket interact with Scooby Doo.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could see that. I mean, that's a fun image to be, I think,
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: And how will it morph and change. How will you interact with them. Think about how much
Gwenevere Abriel: more pleasant. Your mind will be if you spend time feeding it with more images more analysis around that team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whereas minutes ago you were feeding it with. Yeah, you're, you're no good look at where you came from, you are spending on instead you push that one aside and call it thought stop you push it to the side and you literally work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard at pulling in more imagery around this team you interacting with this team that's just one way that we're going to use it. There's a lot of different ways. We're going to use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want to give you super short version.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you said I want to walk away with a little bit understanding. So I'm just gonna throw one thing. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I did it. I did a group topic. Once
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll try and find the little write up for you at some point. But the short version is this
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people present as self identified
Gwenevere Abriel: procrastinators or perfectionist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obsessive Compulsive or
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, controlling however they identify right what they've done and and also a piece of that is self sacrificing or shame activating I it's my fault. I'll default to
Gwenevere Abriel: What have I done wrong. Many, many, many, many, many people do that. Which one of those or any of those kind of sounded like you
Alicia Noedel: Were me myself for everything, taking the blame and anytime anyone's upset or anything. I think that it's because of me so I try and fix it or you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so notice that you cultivated that adaptations. Probably when you were five. I mean, we're talking probably very, very early on, but just imagine that a five year old has developed a brain that is so underdeveloped compared to the brain that you have right now. Your brain finished developing
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, I have an air condition have to tip my head up and down.
Gwenevere Abriel: At about 2625 26 so just imagine that this little five year old adapted to her environment, the best that she knew how with the developmental brain that she had which was how long way to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine that the way that she decided to feel safe in the world was in looking around, let's say, a neglectful or abusive or scarcity environment and thought, well, I can't control this. Look at these big people I know what I can do, I can control myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I blame myself for everything.
I can have control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that gets installed, you're five years old, but look how much that's probably still with you, it's the solution of a five year old. Isn't that amazing. But you know what's beautiful about it, Elisa is a kept you alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bravo. And we're not going to throw it out. It's just an over adaptation you did the best she could with what you knew, you're going to know more, you can do better, but she you don't know what you don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay, we're not going to get rid of it. It's one adaptation. It's just that you may have been over adaptive so your self sacrificing blaming yourself it served a purpose that kept you alive before
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's more ways to interact with people than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just imagine that that's a solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a very young girl, and you're a woman.
Alicia Noedel: That thought about it that way. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very, very common and people that
Gwenevere Abriel: Can identify as
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame activating where they say, well, it's my fault. And we default to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that is what kept you alive, back when you were younger. Because to get angry or act down against people that were taken care of. You might have meant abuse harm neglect and so we don't do that. We turn inward to control what we can, it's just a survival mechanism.
We have
Gwenevere Abriel: In the world. And so we just blame ourselves up for some people in perfectionism, because then if I don't get it right. I won't be accepted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it stalls up doing anything because we aren't perfect. And so now we're right back to where we started doing anything so it can feel pretty pretty hopeless inside of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's a way out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you wanted to understand the blaming do you kind of see how what I just did is I didn't give you the cycle analysis of object relations, which is this is what it's based on it's you know me the object.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's everyone else on the outside. I didn't give you the analysis of that I just gave you just sort of a basic explanation about why you may be doing that blaming you, would it was a wise adaptation
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to an environment that may not have been available to you in the way that you needed developmentally okay you did the best you could
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way. There's no bad label. It's you did the best you good. I mean, I would have done it, he would have done it, she would have done it many have done it, you're going to see them in group who do the same thing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might be outdated, because I know you know a lot more than a five year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't. Well, then you will. Okay, but you can't know it until you learn it. And that's what we're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sense
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as we come to the close. We've got four more minutes here. Would you share with me a little bit about what you noticed that was important for you in here today.
Alicia Noedel: I think that um
Alicia Noedel: You've given me like another way to like a more healthier way to cope with everyday stresses that I might feel are really intense but aren't that bad, and to
Alicia Noedel: You know, use a healthy way to deal with them, rather than, you know, getting upset or whatever.
Alicia Noedel: Would do
Gwenevere Abriel: What you described.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was called the
Top down
Gwenevere Abriel: coping skill top down, meaning from our brain that's taking, you know, we're having a negative thought and then we do
Gwenevere Abriel: We push it aside with another thought which is thank we say to ourselves, thank you for sharing kept me alive when I was young. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I know. I know I'm blaming myself, but I learned that when I was very little I'm learning new things and right now what I want to do is I want to spend my energy
Gwenevere Abriel: My mental energy. I'm going to create new tissue. We're literally creating new tissue. When you spend time thinking about the
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective nurturing and wise figures. You're literally generate synaptic connections. That's amazing. That's exciting that area of your brain will grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the likelihood that your mind will go to them instead of the negative ones increases, just by doing it today. Do it again later 10 times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a top down intervention, the belly breathing right the diaphragm breathing. That'll be a bottom up intervention, the bright, the one that comes where we tell the message up the Vegas nerve. Hey, we're all right now, get off brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're overreacting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's there's different ways to cope. Lots of them. Those are two
Gwenevere Abriel: I taught you the belly breathing last time. Correct.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you remember to do it even once.
Alicia Noedel: Or forgotten. It's okay, I've done it a few times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. Yeah. And the key part is the belly and if you can do that in through the nose right feeling it full belly whole whole whole exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: For that hold even for a couple seconds, you can do that couple of those three 510 cycles, even five
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you noticing that your stress level comes down a little.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I think that not only is the breathing help, but it also with like you're, you know, coming your body to calm your mind. But I it's also like the counting it gives you something else to like think about in that exact moment right to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It refers
Alicia Noedel: To whatever was stressing you out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It does two things. It's so great. It's so difficult when you're trying to do with fidelity that it gets your mind on that your mind wants to do one thing. Well, so let it do that just focus on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what, now you can put these two things together when you're doing the breathing. Now, now, right. So right now I'm picturing yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can totally see Tupac hanging with Scooby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was too easy. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've done imagery that gets linked with a relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far out talk about mind body connection right, everything is OK. You are not in danger. Right now it's just a perceived threat. I can change my awareness body. I can focus on developing the symmetry, put those two things together that might be some
Alicia Noedel: More to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: It and see what you come up with. See how it feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's up to you, it's, it's a, you could go either way on this. Do you want to meet twice a week or continue with once a week.
Alicia Noedel: Oh,
Alicia Noedel: I think right now, once a week is ok but it should be twice a week, I could do that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's up to you. What will stay with this because sometimes people are like, yes, I want to get to this, I want to move forward. I've got time, and they're going through such intense
Gwenevere Abriel: Distress and they really want to expedite stuff I'm fine with once a week. Clinically, I think you're okay you're showing up. You're not coming in here. You're not telling me.
Gwenevere Abriel: My life is just blowing up out of control. I'm cutting myself I'm burning myself, I'm thinking of using all day I slipped when we start to get into those suicidal and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm just letting you know will create time to need a second time.
Alicia Noedel: During the week okay you
Gwenevere Abriel: You can tell me
Alicia Noedel: To me it's just more I have our Taiwan's handling, you know,
Alicia Noedel: My, my own but ever, you know, oceans, whatever, sometimes, but you've already, you know, I've only met with the three times and you've already helped me a lot. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe it's about taking these these nuggets and implementing them because honestly, you could get one that really works for you and it could work for the rest of your life. There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it's going to be 15 are going to be whatever you know your own recipe of healing is going to be unique to you. So take what you thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Apply it apply it again and again soon as you wake up having those mindfulness practice picturing the imagery that you're surrounded and immersed.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that team while doing the breath work to it a few times when someone sort of activates you emotionally. Give yourself time to breathe put in that imagery and maybe that's what this is about is giving that week to really practice the new skills.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you
Alicia Noedel: Alright. Have a good day when
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to schedule again.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just text this presence here. She's like for you, like, I'm here, we just tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she's got a little wiki waiting sounds
Gwenevere Abriel: Really the right here. I've already got your written in from March 16 at eight will leave you right this time. How's that
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you in group.
Alicia Noedel: Alright. Have a great day.